Adapt docs to PennyLane theme (#64)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-forest: doc/devices/qvm.rst

The QVM device
===============

The ``forest.qvm`` device provides an interface between PennyLane and the Forest

> SDK `quantum virtual machine <https://pyquil-docs.rigetti.com/en/1.9/qvm.html>`_ or the pyQuil built-in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDK `quantum virtual machine <https://pyquil-docs.rigetti.com/en/stable/qvm.html>`_ or the pyQuil built-in
```

pyQVM. The QVM is used to simulate various quantum abstract machines, ranging from simulations of
physical QPUs to completely connected lattices.

Usage
~~~~~

When initializing the ``forest.qvm`` device, the following required keyword argument must also be passed:

``device`` (*str* or *networkx.Graph*)
    The name or topology of the quantum computer to initialize.

>     * ``Nq-qvm``: for a fully connected/unrestricted N-qubit QVM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * ``Nq-qvm``: for a fully connected/unrestricted N-qubit QVM.
```

array([0.97517033, 0.04904283])

Measurements and expectations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Since the QVM returns a number of trial measurements of the quantum circuit, the larger the number of
'trials' or 'shots', the closer PennyLane is able to approximate the expectation value,
and as a result the gradient. By default, ``shots=1024``, but this can be increased or decreased as required.

For example, see how increasing the shot count increases the expectation value and corresponding gradient accuracy:

.. code-block:: python

    def circuit(x):
        qml.RX(x, wires=[0])
        return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0))

    dev_exact = qml.device('forest.wavefunction', wires=1)
    dev_s1024 = qml.device('forest.qvm', device='1q-qvm')
    dev_s100000 = qml.device('forest.qvm', device='1q-qvm', shots=100000)

    circuit_exact = qml.QNode(circuit, dev_exact)
    circuit_s1024 = qml.QNode(circuit, dev_s1024)
    circuit_s100000 = qml.QNode(circuit, dev_s100000)

Printing out the results of the three device expectation values:

>>> circuit_exact(0.8)
0.6967067093471655
>>> circuit_s1024(0.8)
0.689453125
>>> circuit_s100000(0.8)
0.6977

Supported operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> All devices support all PennyLane `operations and observables <https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code/ops/qubit.html>`_, with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All devices support all PennyLane `operations and observables <https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/stable/introduction/operations.html#qubit-operations>`_, with
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For the remaining observables, it is easy to perform a quantum change of basis operation before measurement such that the correct expectation value is performed. For example, say we have a unitary Hermitian observable :math:`\hat{A}`. Since, by definition, it must have eigenvalues :math:`\pm 1`, there will always exist a unitary matrix :math:`U` such that it satisfies the following similarity transform:

.. math:: \hat{A} = U^\dagger Z U

Since :math:`U` is unitary, it can be applied to the specified qubit before measurement in the Pauli-Z basis. Below is a table of the various change of basis operations performed implicitly by PennyLane.

+------------------+-----------------------------------+
|    Observable    | Change of basis gate    :math:`U` |
+==================+===================================+
| ``qml.PauliX``   | :math:`H`                         |
+------------------+-----------------------------------+
| ``qml.PauliY``   | :math:`H S^{-1}=HSZ`              |
+------------------+-----------------------------------+
| ``qml.Hadamard`` | :math:`R_y(-\pi/4)`               |
+------------------+-----------------------------------+

> To see how this affects the resultant quil program, you may use the :attr:`~.ForestDevice.program` property to print out the quil program after evaluation on the device.

Reviewer: Quil seems to be capitalized everywhere else. :wink: 

```suggestion
To see how this affects the resultant Quil program, you may use the :attr:`~.ForestDevice.program` property to print out the Quil program after evaluation on the device.
```

.. code-block:: python

    dev = qml.device('forest.qvm', device='2q-qvm')

    @qml.qnode(dev)
    def circuit(x):
        qml.RX(x, wires=[0])
        return expval(qml.PauliY(0))

>>> circuit(0.54)
-0.525390625
>>> print(dev.program)
PRAGMA INITIAL_REWIRING "PARTIAL"
RX(0.54000000000000004) 0
Z 0
S 0
H 0
DECLARE ro BIT[1]
MEASURE 0 ro[0]

.. note::

>     :attr:`~.ForestDevice.program` will return the **last evaluated quantum program** performed on the device. If viewing :attr:`~.ForestDevice.program` after evaluating a quantum gradient or performing an optimization, this may not match the user-defined QNode, as PennyLane automatically modifies the QNode to take into account the `parameter shift rule <https://pennylane.readthedocs.io/en/latest/concepts/autograd_quantum.html>`_, product rule, and chain rule.

Reviewer: This link is also broken (old). Should it link to the glossary article instead?
```suggestion
    :attr:`~.ForestDevice.program` will return the **last evaluated quantum program** performed on the device. If viewing :attr:`~.ForestDevice.program` after evaluating a quantum gradient or performing an optimization, this may not match the user-defined QNode, as PennyLane automatically modifies the QNode to take into account the `parameter shift rule <https://pennylane.ai/qml/glossary/parameter_shift.html>`_, product rule, and chain rule.
```
